Format 3D Metadata Semantic Reference (#557)
CesiumGS/3d-tiles: specification/Metadata/Semantics/README.md

`TILE_BOUNDING_REGION`|<ul><li>Type: `ARRAY`</li><li>Component type: `FLOAT64`</li><li>Component count: `6`</li></ul>|The bounding volume of the tile, expressed as a [region (as defined by 3D Tiles 1.0)](../../../specification#region). Equivalent to `tile.boundingVolume.region`.
`TILE_BOUNDING_SPHERE`|<ul><li>Type: `ARRAY`</li><li>Component type: `FLOAT32` or `FLOAT64`</li><li>Component count: `4`</li></ul>|The bounding volume of the tile, expressed as a [sphere (as defined by 3D Tiles 1.0)](../../../specification#sphere). Equivalent to `tile.boundingVolume.sphere`.
`TILE_MINIMUM_HEIGHT`|<ul><li>Type: `SINGLE`</li><li>Component type: `FLOAT32` or `FLOAT64`</li></ul>|The minimum height of the tile above (or below) the WGS84 ellipsoid. Equivalent to minimum height component of `TILE_BOUNDING_REGION` and `tile.boundingVolume.region`.
`TILE_MAXIMUM_HEIGHT`|<ul><li>Type: `SINGLE`</li><li>Component type: `FLOAT32` or `FLOAT64`</li></ul>|The maximum height of the tile above (or below) the WGS84 ellipsoid. Equivalent to maximum height component of `TILE_BOUNDING_REGION` and `tile.boundingVolume.region`.

> `TILE_HORIZON_OCCLUSION_POINT`|<ul><li>Type: `VEC3`</li><li>Component type: `FLOAT32` or `FLOAT64`</li></ul>|The horizon occlusion point of the tile expressed in an ellipsoid-scaled fixed frame. If this point is below the horizon, the entire tile is below the horizon. See [Horizon Culling](https://cesium.com/blog/2013/04/25/horizon-culling/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TILE_HORIZON_OCCLUSION_POINT`<sup>1</sup>|<ul><li>Type: `VEC3`</li><li>Component type: `FLOAT32` or `FLOAT64`</li></ul>|The horizon occlusion point of the tile expressed in an ellipsoid-scaled fixed frame. If this point is below the horizon, the entire tile is below the horizon. See [Horizon Culling](https://cesium.com/blog/2013/04/25/horizon-culling/) for more information.
```

See below.

`TILE_GEOMETRIC_ERROR`|<ul><li>Type: `SINGLE`</li><li>Component type: `FLOAT32` or `FLOAT64`</li></ul>|The geometric error of the tile. Equivalent to `tile.geometricError`.

> > **Implementation Note**: `TILE_HORIZON_OCCLUSION_POINT` should account for all content in a tile and its descendants, whereas `CONTENT_HORIZON_OCCLUSION_POINT` should only account for content in a tile. When the two values are equivalent, only `TILE_HORIZON_OCCLUSION_POINT` should be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<small><sup>1</sup> `TILE_HORIZON_OCCLUSION_POINT` should account for all content in a tile and its descendants, whereas `CONTENT_HORIZON_OCCLUSION_POINT` should only account for content in a tile. When the two values are equivalent, only `TILE_HORIZON_OCCLUSION_POINT` should be specified.</small>
```

Minor nit, but on re-reading this probably shouldn't be an implementation note – it's part of the meaning of the semantic. Calling it out as an end-note attached to `TILE_HORIZON_OCCLUSION_POINT`  may be clearer.

`CONTENT_BOUNDING_SPHERE`|<ul><li>Type: `ARRAY`</li><li>Component type: `FLOAT32` or `FLOAT64`</li><li>Component count: `4`</li></ul>|The bounding volume of the content of a tile, expressed as a [sphere (as defined by 3D Tiles 1.0)](../../../specification#sphere). Equivalent to `tile.content.boundingVolume.sphere`.
`CONTENT_MINIMUM_HEIGHT`|<ul><li>Type: `SINGLE`</li><li>Component type: `FLOAT32` or `FLOAT64`</li></ul>|The minimum height of the content of a tile above (or below) the WGS84 ellipsoid. Equivalent to minimum height component of `CONTENT_BOUNDING_REGION` and `tile.content.boundingVolume.region`.
`CONTENT_MAXIMUM_HEIGHT`|<ul><li>Type: `SINGLE`</li><li>Component type: `FLOAT32` or `FLOAT64`</li></ul>|The minimum height of the content of a tile above (or below) the WGS84 ellipsoid. Equivalent to minimum height component of `CONTENT_BOUNDING_REGION` and `tile.content.boundingVolume.region`.

> `CONTENT_HORIZON_OCCLUSION_POINT`|<ul><li>Type: `VEC3`</li><li>Component type: `FLOAT32` or `FLOAT64`</li></ul>|The horizon occlusion point of the content of a tile expressed in an ellipsoid-scaled fixed frame. If this point is below the horizon, the entire content is below the horizon. See [Horizon Culling](https://cesium.com/blog/2013/04/25/horizon-culling/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CONTENT_HORIZON_OCCLUSION_POINT`<sup>1</sup>|<ul><li>Type: `VEC3`</li><li>Component type: `FLOAT32` or `FLOAT64`</li></ul>|The horizon occlusion point of the content of a tile expressed in an ellipsoid-scaled fixed frame. If this point is below the horizon, the entire content is below the horizon. See [Horizon Culling](https://cesium.com/blog/2013/04/25/horizon-culling/) for more information.
```

See above.

> > **Implementation Note**: `TILE_HORIZON_OCCLUSION_POINT` should account for all content in a tile and its descendants, whereas `CONTENT_HORIZON_OCCLUSION_POINT` should only account for content in a tile. When the two values are equivalent, only `TILE_HORIZON_OCCLUSION_POINT` should be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<small><sup>1</sup>`TILE_HORIZON_OCCLUSION_POINT` should account for all content in a tile and its descendants, whereas `CONTENT_HORIZON_OCCLUSION_POINT` should only account for content in a tile. When the two values are equivalent, only `TILE_HORIZON_OCCLUSION_POINT` should be specified.</small>
```

See above.
